README.md, before:

We want to revolutionize the comedy industry by providing a decentralised video platform and marketplace for both comedians to connect to their fans.  

Everyone loves comedy, and there is a boom in the social media comedy skit makers in Nigeria, the creators with a huge fan base generate money from sponsored posts and ads, while the upcoming creators struggle. Our team recognized the untapped potential of merging comedy, technology, and blockchain innovation. We envisioned a platform to empower comedians to reach a global audience, gain control over the monetization of their content, and establish stronger connections with their fans.

With **Skitstars**, rising skit makers and the already big talents now have access to a censorship-free platform where they can share their skits, grow their audience and enjoy fan loyalty.

 There are various avenues for monetization for them: token-gated videos, and with the in-built marketplace of NFTs, Event Tickets and Ads Vouchers, everyone is sure to benefit from their content and own it in the truest sense of ownership. 

### Features

 **Comedy skit uploads:** skit creators can upload their skits and can choose to either token gate or make them accessible to everyone. Thereby having complete control over their contents.

********************************Subscription:******************************** Fans can subscribe to their favourite  skit creators.

************Token-Minting:************ Event tickets, NFTs, Ads Vouchers are all NFTs that a creator can mint on their profile.

****************Marketplace:**************** All tokens minted on the platform can be bought on Skitstar without the need for a third-party application. This way we ensure a seamless user experience for our users. 

**Event Ticket Sales:** Users can purchase comedy event tickets through Skitstars, which come with an NFT serving as a gate pass to virtual or IRL comedy performances.

**Advertising Vouchers**: Skitstars provides advertising vouchers that creators can sell to businesses or sponsors, enabling them to promote their products.

********************************************************Assets Management Dashboard:******************************************************** a creator can view all of their assets: videos and NFTs on Skitstar.

**Monetization for Creators**: Skitstars offers multiple revenue streams for creators, including event ticket sales, NFT sales, and advertising voucher sales.

## Business Model

- Platform fees on token sales on Skitstar
- With time, unlimited video uploads will come at a premium
- SKTSTR ERC20 token for Tipping creators, and this will late expand to in-dapp purchases in the future

## How we built it

We began by conducting research to gain insights into our potential users and identify areas for improvement in the comedy industry. This research helped us understand user preferences, market trends, and competitor offerings.

Based on the insights gathered, we proceeded to design the platform. We started with the creation of high-fidelity wireframes, which allowed us to visualize the user interface, information architecture, and user flows. 

This requirements analysis phase informed the systems design and development.

### Tech Stack

Solidity 

Thirdweb SDKs

React, Vite

Contracts deployed on Polygon PoS

## GTM Strategy

- Improving publicity by bringing on new members to the team that will primarily work on marketing.
- Collaborating with Big Skit makers, and growing through word of mouth, this we would make possible by ensuring we meet the expectations of the skitmakers and end users, with a user-focused approach to building, leadership and management.
- Discovering new talents and supporting their growth through training them on content creation, trend discovery etc.

## Beyond the Hackathon

Moving forward, SkitStars aims to build upon its MVP by focusing on user feedback, expanding features, acquiring more content and creators, refining monetization strategies, fostering a strong community, developing a mobile app, pursuing partnerships and collaborations, exploring international expansion, embracing innovation, and implementing effective marketing and promotion strategies. These steps will contribute to the growth and evolution of SkitStars as a leading comedy streaming platform.

The next 3 months we will focus on:

- Launching our incentivised testing for both skit creators and their fans
- Adding more features based on the feedback from users
- Creating an Ads Marketplace
- Growing our team to include business development and marketing talents
- Adding cross chain functionalities.

Commit message:

Add link to Video Demo

README.md, after:

[![Watch the Demo video](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/978797941298970664/1146841403591245946/SkitStars_Cover_2.png)](https://www.youtube.com/embed/P6XDkhqt7-w?si=bAFuwoONfhxKiP9z)

[Watch the Demo video](https://www.youtube.com/embed/P6XDkhqt7-w?si=bAFuwoONfhxKiP9z)

# SKITSTARS

We want to revolutionize the comedy industry by providing a decentralised video platform and marketplace for both comedians to connect to their fans.  

Everyone loves comedy, and there is a boom in the social media comedy skit makers in Nigeria, the creators with a huge fan base generate money from sponsored posts and ads, while the upcoming creators struggle. Our team recognized the untapped potential of merging comedy, technology, and blockchain innovation. We envisioned a platform to empower comedians to reach a global audience, gain control over the monetization of their content, and establish stronger connections with their fans.

With **Skitstars**, rising skit makers and the already big talents now have access to a censorship-free platform where they can share their skits, grow their audience and enjoy fan loyalty.

 There are various avenues for monetization for them: token-gated videos, and with the in-built marketplace of NFTs, Event Tickets and Ads Vouchers, everyone is sure to benefit from their content and own it in the truest sense of ownership. 

### Features

 **Comedy skit uploads:** skit creators can upload their skits and can choose to either token gate or make them accessible to everyone. Thereby having complete control over their contents.

********************************Subscription:******************************** Fans can subscribe to their favourite  skit creators.

************Token-Minting:************ Event tickets, NFTs, Ads Vouchers are all NFTs that a creator can mint on their profile.

****************Marketplace:**************** All tokens minted on the platform can be bought on Skitstar without the need for a third-party application. This way we ensure a seamless user experience for our users. 

**Event Ticket Sales:** Users can purchase comedy event tickets through Skitstars, which come with an NFT serving as a gate pass to virtual or IRL comedy performances.

**Advertising Vouchers**: Skitstars provides advertising vouchers that creators can sell to businesses or sponsors, enabling them to promote their products.

********************************************************Assets Management Dashboard:******************************************************** a creator can view all of their assets: videos and NFTs on Skitstar.

**Monetization for Creators**: Skitstars offers multiple revenue streams for creators, including event ticket sales, NFT sales, and advertising voucher sales.

## Business Model

- Platform fees on token sales on Skitstar
- With time, unlimited video uploads will come at a premium
- SKTSTR ERC20 token for Tipping creators, and this will late expand to in-dapp purchases in the future

## How we built it

We began by conducting research to gain insights into our potential users and identify areas for improvement in the comedy industry. This research helped us understand user preferences, market trends, and competitor offerings.

Based on the insights gathered, we proceeded to design the platform. We started with the creation of high-fidelity wireframes, which allowed us to visualize the user interface, information architecture, and user flows. 

This requirements analysis phase informed the systems design and development.

### Tech Stack

Solidity 

Thirdweb SDKs

React, Vite

Contracts deployed on Polygon PoS

## GTM Strategy

- Improving publicity by bringing on new members to the team that will primarily work on marketing.
- Collaborating with Big Skit makers, and growing through word of mouth, this we would make possible by ensuring we meet the expectations of the skitmakers and end users, with a user-focused approach to building, leadership and management.
- Discovering new talents and supporting their growth through training them on content creation, trend discovery etc.

## Beyond the Hackathon

Moving forward, SkitStars aims to build upon its MVP by focusing on user feedback, expanding features, acquiring more content and creators, refining monetization strategies, fostering a strong community, developing a mobile app, pursuing partnerships and collaborations, exploring international expansion, embracing innovation, and implementing effective marketing and promotion strategies. These steps will contribute to the growth and evolution of SkitStars as a leading comedy streaming platform.

The next 3 months we will focus on:

- Launching our incentivised testing for both skit creators and their fans
- Adding more features based on the feedback from users
- Creating an Ads Marketplace
- Growing our team to include business development and marketing talents
- Adding cross chain functionalities.
